after that shows Spot are traveling
the intent to be the team that cracks the proud home series of the beefy
As you may know, Salzburg has its sights set on everyone
21 home games in the Volksgarten Stadium won
The Viennese are also big news and so today was the
Followed by coach Jim Boni who retires at the end of the season
the Canadian Kevin Grewe turn
who's right signed a two-year contract this afternoon
The 45-year-old has the multi-year coach experience in the
German ice hockey league, for example, was enough there last year with the
Hannover Scorpions the semi-final
so far the News 2 in the mad at the Salzburgers de Maizière
Home series logically wanted to prolong Bommel slightly closed tender
Let's Secret The Secret to Going for a Goal is Breaking Coder
New entrant Magnus Aerox and until recently against cancer
Salzburg's head coach relies on continuity and limps Bürgerbuch course
familiar
Magnus Eriksson volunteered to serve as a bouncer
get the stakes
with full commitment
the Vienna Capitals 2
Oliver Setzinger and so on alone in front of the gate and yet booked them
possibility
2700 fans in the Salzburger Volksgarten her in a Salzburg team her
that is, to get started
then there was the individual
this possibility he fails the goalie
Start miserable
now life comes into the game the capital on the train
Setzinger
storms again and Hers was a feast for the eyes
the one to zero for the Vienna Capitals in the 13 minute
another two minutes in the first third powerplay of Salzburg
celebrate with
on Casper
and Captain Dieter Kaltschmids his 22 goal of the season ninth of the minute
Seitz with the performance of the chain cost two head coaches to be satisfied
Children uni under successors
the two hours before mowing described
in the end 60 centimeters of snow in bowls Wales percent
I trust the president to the Vice President Ahmad ZIA we are all
the gregarious people and self-actors and percent of the damage
when the services century
he immediately
a guideline today which later on viewers played with the
Finesse summer hold well now
the people where they want to go as an indication is the great community less
Minutes very close
what the best team looks like
second quarter powerplay of the Bieler
Sion only up
and the shot is deflected
Salzburg keeper Bernhard Forck does not look good in this scene
the Viennese rocks have become defensive
The Styrian Studs made a renewed tour and the guests worked out
in this phase, the best options
Manuel Latusa
1 so drive the system will set 30 minutes of play
at the moment the Red Bulls outnumber the child completely in the powerplay
Vigier
turn the first line
and Nico Berk Platz missed the connecting goal to 2 2 3 in the 35
streaming
that promises an exciting final third
Powerplay the Salzburg the shot is hard he is not think it was cold
David Schuller avails the chance to deliver a hundred with that
the run let the Salzburg defensive really savor the result
Shorthanders manage the capitals
Aram then shortens for the Salzburg on 3 to 4 but two and a half minutes
later Salinger 5 to 3 for the guests from Vienna
and Salzburg's proud home-run Dollar to tear down the Bulls tracks still
once on the last minute of the game sex than on the field players
dishonest
50 through
and captain Dieter cold with his second goal set the final point
A hotly contested game Salzburg loses 0 4 back
If the country does not offer chances on both sides, the Viennese are ultimately
a bet the Tigers jumped happier
The country cares about age and the internet a jump opinion year
One can not always win and replace new plans today is scarce
did not take directly had to take over
Although liked to Bundeswehr Zumbrunn is both very strong team
and feel that during the season for sweetness of the decisions and its
Makes a work and so succeed
Salzburg's winning streak was demolished after 21 final games
the capital
Blight with the five to four away win on play-off course
she was indeed fortress is fallen so it continues to work well in the race
Now the question arises as he is